feat(shared,ui): Add handling for user_deactivated error code (#7810)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/nice-worlds-brake.md

---
'@clerk/shared': patch
'@clerk/ui': patch
---

> Support user_deactivated error code on SignIn and SignUp Start components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display message for `user_deactivated` error code on `SignIn` and `SignUp` 
```
